it seems our digital lives are getting
more chaotic with so many ways to create
and save what's important it can all get
scattered across who knows what and end
up who knows where you've heard about
the cloud where everyone can access
everything they say from anywhere but
who wants to keep their precious content
in some mysterious location we've got a
better idea
my cloud all your content saved in a
single secure place back home the real
magic of my cloud is the power you hold
in your hands my clouds free mobile app
gives you instant access to everything
you save anywhere you want
with your smartphone or tablet streaming
your music and movies has never been
easier and having your entire photo
library at your fingertips is only the
beginning just point shoot and upload
and the image is saved back home
preserving precious space on your mobile
devices and you can instantly share it
with friends and family to send a link
to a file or an entire folder whatever
the size it's also a breeze to transfer
files between the public cloud and your
personal cloud with my cloud you can
open all your files remotely whether
it's a photo video or that big
presentation they're all available
anywhere you go you can even edit a file
and save it back to your personal cloud
with the my cloud desktop app you get an
intuitive hub for your digital life now
it's simple to save manage and share
everything right from your Mac or PC
just drag and drop the files you want to
save organize them and securely share
links with friends and family in an
instant
you can backup all the computers in your
home whether you have a Mac a PC or both
W DS backup software automatically
protects all the files on your PCs plus
you can use time machine to backup your
Mac Gigabit Ethernet and dual core
processing deliver blazing fast file
transfer so you can unleash all your
media seamlessly stream music photos and
videos to your connected TV media
players and gaming consoles and with my
clouds USB 3.0 port you can just plug in
a USB Drive for even more space on your
personal cloud no more running out of
room no more paying for more capacity
you can't say that about the public
cloud the my cloud dashboard gives you a
single view of your personal cloud for
ultimate control so you can check Drive
status add users and customize access to
your shared folders so rise above that
other cloud all your content saved in a
single secure place back home accessible
anywhere you go all with no
subscriptions no fees and best of all no
worries my cloud personal cloud storage
finally a cloud of your own
you